Update the game over message (#1)
Gabriella-Stickney/skills-review-pull-requests: README.md

  Do not use quotes on the <details> tag attributes.
-->

<details id=0>
<summary><h2>Welcome</h2></summary>

> All great projects start with collaboration. Pull requests are the foundation of teamwork on GitHub — and pull request reviews give you the ability to work together and discuss changes specific to a pull request by commenting, requesting changes, or approving.

Author: ```suggestion
All great projects start with collaboration. Pull requests are the foundation of teamwork on GitHub — pull request reviews allow you to work together and discuss changes specific to a pull request by commenting, requesting changes, or approving.
```
